# SOS-System
To provide reliable and affordable security system for human safety, especially women and children.
To find a solution, within our limit we tried to make a project which will solve some of the problems for them. We tried to make a project that will be compact in size, portable in nature, easy to use and affordable for everyone. Even in this modern era women are feeling insecure to step out of their house because of increasing crimes in our country like harassment, abuse, violence etc., The corporate and IT sector are currently in boom. Many women are working in corporate even in night shifts. There is a feeling of insecurity among the working women and we through our product want to ensure their safety. The proposed device is more like a safety system in case of emergency. This device can be fitted in a jacket or anywhere the person wants. It is an easy to carry device with more features and functions. The emergency push button is held to one of the buttons of the jacket (depends where the person fits this product). The main purpose of this device is to intimate the parents and police that the person is in danger and so that the police can track the location. A GSM modem is used to send the message to the pre-registered numbers. There are several applications that reduce the risk of sexual abuse by sending SMS. The microcontroller acts as an embedded computing system and it controls the activities of all the subsystems. The microcontroller is interfaced with all the other modules of the device. The program for PIC microcontroller is done in Embedded C language and is dumped using a kit.
